Hello. I'm NASA associate administrator
for science Thomas Zurbuchen. NASA is
going to the moon with the Artemis
program and American companies of all
sizes want to help our nation make its
next giant leap. It is my pleasure to
announce the companies who are joining
the pool of NASA industry partners who
will help our nation enable the first
woman and next man to reach the lunar
surface by 2024 and conduct significant
science investigations. Through NASA's
Commercial Lunar Payload Services, we're
sending science and technology
demonstrations to the lunar surface
beginning in 2021. These payloads will
help us study the Moon and prove
technologies that we'll need to
eventually travel to Mars. Today five new
companies join this great initiative.
I want to congratulate the new CLPS
participants:
Blue Origin, Ceres Robotics, Sierra
Nevada Corporation, SpaceX and Tyvak
Nano-Satellite Systems. We look forward to working with all of you. Together, we are
going.
it's great to be going back to the Moon.
An opportunity like this is the reason
why many of us got into the space
industry. Blue Origin will be offering
its Blue Moon lander, the one that we've
been working on for several years. With
its BE 7 engine that we've been test-
firing at Marshall Space Flight Center,
to the kilowatts of power it will
provide to help it survive noon or night,
to it's flexible payload deck that will
support everything from instruments to
rovers. We're confident that this lander
can support all of our needs from
exploration to science as America
returns to the surface of the Moon, this
time to stay.
We're delighted to have the opportunity
to participate in NASA CLPS program
and to provide landers and deliver
payloads to the Moon's surface. Over the
last sixty years, NASA and its partners
that created the opportunities we have
today to go back to the Moon to go onto
Mars and beyond. Thanks to NASA and all
who made this possible.
Hi. Steve Lindsey here. I'm senior vice
president of strategy for SNC Space
Systems business area. SNC is thrilled to
have been selected for Commercial Lunar
Payload Services to support Artemis
missions and the next stage of lunar
exploration. For CLPS, we'll be applying
experience and knowledge from our lunar
gateway programs, satellites and cargo
resupply services for Space Station
through our Dream Chaser spacecraft.
CLPS is an amazing opportunity to
advance science, exploration and learn
more about the lunar surface. Thank you
NASA for your trust. SNC is proud to
partner with you again and we can't wait
to get working on CLPS and many other
programs.
Hey everybody we are super excited that
NASA selected us for the CLPS program.
I think starship is going to be an
extraordinary help and benefit, deliver
both science, technology and even cargo
to the lunar surface. Starship is a great
vehicle. It's fully reusable, so not only
can it take a lot to the surface of the
Moon, but it's also quite affordable.
Thanks to NASA we are the company that
we are today and we're really thrilled
to continue the partnership on the
CLPS program.
We look forward to working with our
partners and apply flight proven
expertise to design, develop and operate
a lunar lander to the Moon's surface.
We continue to value our relationship and
we'd like to thank NASA for including us
in such an instrumental project.